11 people have been killed and many
others injured in a rocket attack that
hit a town in the Israeli occupied
goolan Heights many of the casualties
were children who were playing on a
football pitch in the town of maal Shams
Israel has blamed lebanon's Hezbollah
movement it has denied responsibility
Mark loen sent us this
[Music]
report early evening in the Israeli
occupied Golan Heights and the warning
of an incoming threet about to become
deadly and
dangerous a rocket struck a football
field where children and teenagers were
playing several were killed in the
deadliest strike since the crossborder
fire between Lebanon and Israel began
last
October the anguish of loved ones at
young lives cut short in a conflict that
could be about to escalate sharply
a rocket barrage today which lit up the
sky was claimed by the Lebanese militant
group Hezbollah but it denies firing the
deadly strike onto the football field
that the Israeli Army spokesman says is
a lie this attack shows the true face of
kisala a terrorist
organization that targets and murders
children playing sucker on a Saturday
evening we will act to restore full
Security on our northern border for all
the citizens of the state of
Israel and the question is how Israel's
government will react Benjamin Netanyahu
is returning early from the US to chair
his security cabinet where he'll face
calls to hit back
hard as the young injured were rushed to
hospital fear is growing that allout war
with Hezbollah a proxy of Iran could now
be drawing closer
South in Gaza the other front of this
war Palestinians too were scrambling to
save lives this time after Israeli
strikes killed dozens here too it's
children paying the price in a nightmare
with no
end the missiles tore into a school
housing displaced gazin Israel says it
targeted a Hamas command and control
center inside but from the rubble came
those simply seeking
shelter Mustafa says the blast threw him
into the air and he fell to the ground I
didn't know where to run for fear he
says so I fled inside the school
thinking it was safe but then I saw
heads hands and
feet the spark from the 7th of October
ignited Gaza and now Golan the question
tonight is will it start an
inferno Mark loen BBC News
Jerusalem and let's talk to our
diplomatic correspondent Paul Adams who
is in Jerusalem tonight and that is key
Paul isn't it what does this mean what
could it mean for Israel and The Wider
region yeah Jane I was with a western
Diplomat when news of this attack broke
and he voiced the fear that everyone is
expressing tonight this is precisely
what we have been worrying about for the
past 10 months that something of this
magnitude would occur on the northern
border that would turn what has been a
simmering Conflict for all of these
months into an allout War some kind of
Israeli response looks absolutely
inevitable if you think back a week or
so to that uh yemeni houthi drone attack
in Tel AV that killed one civilian that
triggered a major Israeli response and
so I think that is likely to happen we
are still in claim and counter claim
territory Hezbollah says that it was not
responsible for this rocket but at just
about the time when those first reports
of injuries were coming in they claimed
to have hit a nearby Israeli military
base so it does look likely that
Hezbollah was responsible and the fears
that that Diplomat was expressing and
everyone here are feeling those fears
could soon be realized